h1. Welcome to Friends of We

FOW is a rails based app. It serves as the homesite for Friends of We and facilitiates the collection of volunteer contact information.  A few notes:

* Key runtime gems: authlogic, inherited_resources, formtastic
* Volunteering: 
** New users can register and volunteer in one of three ways:
*** In general, for no specific campaign or volunteer opportunity.
*** For a specific campaign.
*** Or a User can volunteer for a campaignspecific Opportunity – i.e. as a graphic designer, brand planner, or UI designer.
** The act of volunteering creates a polymorphic commitment record that can belong to either a campaign or a opportunity
** The commitment is not confirmed until the state is updated in the system. Presently, there is no UI for this.
* There is no roles system to identify who is an admin/campaign manager, etc.
* There are almost not tests.  (sorry!)

h2. Useful Custom Rake Tasks for Development

These will need to be improved later and may be a little redundent right now.

* rake db:build - creates DB, runs migrations, sets up railmail and loads seed data
* rake db:rebuild - destroys DB, then runs build
* rake db:populate - loads fake data
* rake db:repopulate - runs rebuild then populates with fake data

h2. Getting Development Setup

To prevent secret information from appearing in the public repo.  You will need create these files from the examples.

* config/database.yml
* config/initializers/session_store.rb
* config/environments/production.rb - if you want to run in production mode

h2. Getting Production Setup

Java is required to utilize YUI-compressor in the installed plugin yui_compressor_fu:

@sudo apt-get install sun-java6-jre sun-java6-jdk sun-java6-plugin@

